what is up guys karma medic here and
welcome back to another dose welcome to
cooking with karma medic episode 3 if
you new to the channel hi my name is
Nasir and I'm now a third year medical
student studying at King's College
London I usually make videos all about
medical school studying productivity and
things like that every now and again I
like to show you guys what it is that I
cook and how it is that I cook this is a
little bit strange to say out loud but
this will be my seventh year at
university and for all the years that I
have been on university I've cooked
almost all of my meals myself and that's
because I believe that meal prepping or
cooking your own meals should be fast it
should be easy healthy and also the time
that you spend in the kitchen should be
able to feed you for many days going
forward and that's why I cook in bulk
it's one of the main themes of my
cooking and it's something that I always
do so what we're gonna be cooking today
is salmon with a side of quinoa and
vegetables I'm gonna show you guys the
secret sauce that I use on my salmon a
couple extra garnishes and things like
that and then I'm also gonna make a
salad on the side to make sure to be
getting as many vegetables as possible
now one of the most important principles
for me when it comes to cooking is
efficiency the faster I can cook and get
my meals ready then the more time I have
to do other things in my day so it's
very important for me to do everything
in the right order and also to maximize
the amount of a deadtime usually the
longest part of any meal prep is cutting
up and preparing the vegetables so
that's what we're gonna do first
now use with you the vegetables have a
little bit of prep to do you need to cut
them into smaller pieces or cut off the
stalks and things like that but the ones
that I've bought today are already ready
so I can skip that step now for broccoli
and asparagus specifically you want to
cook them slowly over time because they
tend to be quite a hard vegetable and so
it's better to cook them slowly rather
than fire them really quickly usually I
use olive oil to cook just about
everything in the house but recently
I've discovered that if I cook the
asparagus or in broccoli with butter it
actually tastes so much better now as
far as oil or butter in order to fry
your vegetables you guys can add as much
as you want let me see the more you add
the less healthier dish is going to
become but it's up to you and you guys
can find a personal balance that you
enjoy so I'm gonna turn on the heat to
something fairly low like a four or five
out of ten so I can slowly cook these
guys over time now in the meantime I'm
gonna start preparing the salmon because
I've started to cook the vegetables and
now I'm gonna prepare the salmon I know
that I'm gonna need to put the salmon in
the oven fairly soon so I'm gonna start
heating it up as well so the oven
settings that I use is I just turned
this dial here to the one with a fan
basically I just want the heat to come
from everywhere and not only from the
top or the bottom and then I turn the
temperature to 180 degrees and that's
usually good enough alright so as you
can see the butter has started to melt
now you can move that around evenly
along the base of this Big Pun and
basically I just want to lay everything
down to hopefully get as much surface
area with the pan as possible obviously
you can't do that if you're cooking as
many vegetables as I am but that's okay
I'll rotate them and flip them as we go
along now because not all the vegetables
are touching the bottom of the pan I'm
gonna add a little more butter over the
top that I'm eventually going to mix in
once it heats up and that way I can
hopefully evenly get everything to cook
alright now let me show you guys how it
is that I cook this sound like I said
before the salmon is gonna get cooked in
the oven and the way that we do that is
we build these little boats out of
aluminium foil to put the salmon in and
then we can drizzle on all the sauce
that we want the boats big enough to fit
too
something out of time now let's see is
actually the one who told me how to do
this don't ask me what the method is she
makes them much better than me but I'm
just gonna do my very best
like I said Alexia makes these so much
better than me but the idea is that you
want to have this little enclosure that
you can add the salmon and the sauce on
and then you can close it so the salmon
can cook nice and evenly inside all
right so we've got our two boats now I
think it's time to make the sauce too
high make the sauce that I add on to the
salmon is the following first of all
you're gonna need a lot of soy sauce by
law I'm in the law this sauce is also
where you can Frizzle on at the end over
your quinoa or your rice vegetables so
it brings the whole dish together fine
I've divided the soya sauce the secret
ingredient is honey honey just
absolutely makes this dish tastes so
good gives it that little sweet taste
that you want as well so drizzling a
bunch of honey in there and then last
but not least sesame seeds this is also
just one of those small touches that
makes the dish taste so much better I
highly recommend you guys try it out
before I'm personally a big fan of
sesame seeds I'm got a bunch but you
guys can add as much as you want them
starting to cook along like I said nice
and slowly not doing it too fast
blending all those really tough strong
fibers break down slowly slowly all
right so that beating was the oven which
means the oven is ready which is good
because we're almost ready with the
salmon all right so now you want to take
this sauce mix it really well basically
you want to get that honey it won't
really fully dissolve but you want to
get it mixed in with soy sauce as much
as possible good now let's bring all
that rain that we have with the two
boats up in the song box real quick and
now as we touch the raw meat with that
knife we need to get it rid of there
means put it in the sink
all right and we don't want to use these
tongs to touch the salmon because
they've touched your meat so we need
another set of tongs I'm gonna do two
Salmons per little boat it's important
to keep moving the asparagus and the
broccoli around just to make sure that
it doesn't like get burned or stuck to
the bottom of the pan and you want the
ones that were previously at the top to
get down to the bottoms everything's
evenly cooked they're getting cooked
quite nicely the butter is really
helping them get this glistening shine
that you see here all right so back to
the salmon it's time to finally fizzle
on that sauce now I like to make sure
that I get the sauce actually on the
summon meat not only on the skin so once
I make sure I've gotten enough sauce on
top of the actual salmon I'll just take
the rest of the sauce and split it
between the two boats now because we're
cooking in these boats because it's
closed all that evaporation is gonna
help steam in and it's gonna taste a lot
better than that we're just frying it
and of course it's healthier because
you're not using oils and things like
that all right so now let's close these
boats give them a good seal well as best
as we can
anyway so since we know the oven is
ready to go we can just throw them
straight
[Music]
with it depends how much you need to
cook it how long it's gonna cook for I
tend to do something between 12 and 20
minutes so I'll start at like 16 minutes
and then check on them and then I'll
check one of them see if it's cooked all
the way through to how I like it and
then if you still need some more I can
just throw it back in so you want to set
a quick timer for 16 minutes and while
the Salmons cooking away in the oven I
want to give a quick shout out to the
sponsor of today's video Skillshare make
2020 of the year where you explore new
skills deepen your passions and increase
your creativity using skill shares
online classes skill share is an online
learning community with thousands of
classes covering pretty much any topics
you can learn anything that you want
they've got short classes which fit
around your busy routine which is really
important for me because as you know I
try and do a lot of things in a single
day they offer classes designed for real
life so you can learn about cooking like
more today or how to take amazing
Instagram photos how to increase your
creativity just anything that you can
think of a class that I'm currently
taking is called social media for the
creative entrepreneur and it's teaching
me how to increase engagement across my
social platforms and figure out this
sort of YouTube creator social media
influence or position that I found
myself in if you're interested in skill
share and want to explore your
creativity you can click the links in
the description down below and get two
months of the Premium Membership for
free all right now back to the cooking
and in the meantime if you're cooking
rice or quinoa like I am today that's
gonna take about 20 minutes so we should
get started on that now quinoa or rice
is probably the easiest thing in the
world to make you literally just throw
it all into a pot and then you cover the
quinoa or rice with water until the
water covers the quinoa with about this
much of your finger it's something like
2 centimeters yeah 1 and a half to 2
centimeters then you put it on the stove
and set it to the highest temperature
your stove will go until the water boils
and then you turn it down to about a 4
or a 5
cover it and wait 20 minutes on it's
done all right so hopefully you guys can
see over it there I've got the quinoa
cooking it's gonna take about 20 minutes
to be fully ready and then the
vegetables over here they're basically
ready but I'm just gonna leave them on a
low heat to stay warm until everything
else is finished while we're waiting for
make it quick solid and I try and keep
my solids as simple as possible expose
some sort of leaf like rocky or spinach
and then add a couple of tomatoes olive
oil balsamic vinegar and it's good to go
and yeah there you go there's a solid
that took about a minute and a half to
make it increases the amount of
vegetables the eating your day keeps you
healthy and it's just a good thing to
add to your daily meals if you come
let's check on the Sun all right so I
guess I can start with the vegetables
they're all pretty much done now now
that the Keene was done we can just as
well and then last but not least and
then the last thing that I do is just
drizzle on some of this sauce give it
some more flavor like to put it on
wherever I can alright and that is it
that's the whole plate done I'm pretty
excited to eat it now usually I would
have my friend or my sister taste the
food so that you guys can get a second
opinion to know if my cooking is
actually good or not but unfortunately
nobody is home today so I'm gonna have
to taste it all by myself and give you
guys as much of an unbiased opinion as I
possibly can onto my very best so that's
the final dish we bought the salmon the
quinoa the asparagus and the broccoli
and then we've just got a small salad on
the side we're gonna put something on
Netflix sit down and eat this meal and
then I'll let you guys know my official
unbiased verdict
alright guys let me tell you let me tell
you for real
alright the salmon the soy sauce the
honey the sesame seeds honestly very
very very good
I personally this is one of my favorite
dishes that I make then the broccoli in
the asparagus I wish I'd cooked at a
slightly higher temperature so going
back I would probably cook it at about a
6 just so it gets a little bit more
tender but being cooked in the butter
made it taste really really good as well
of course you can use olive oil if
that's what you prefer and then the
quinoa pretty standard I like to use
tricolour Keene walks I think it adds a
little bit more flavor and texture to
the dish but you can use rice or any
other quinoa that you want then when I
drizzled the sauce on top of everything
I think that's what tied it all together
personally I really like the dish I wish
I had one of you guys try it honestly
just you guys could give an unbiased
rating my recommendation is that you try
out this dish try it with the sauce on
the salmon and I think you'll really
really like it anyways I think that is
it for me for this video I hope you guys
have enjoyed another episode of cooking
with karma medic if you did please do
leave a like on this video and subscribe
to my channel too more content from me
in the future I hope you've enjoyed hope
you're having a wonderful day and I will
see you in the next one
bass
[Music]